#Week 12 

#I tried to fix the code by adding a new attribute to our HTML file. I read online that I should add either a step=".01" or step="all" attribute. Another things I tried is changing "parseint" to "parsefloat". I don't know if that is silly or not lol.(I was right! for once lol) I just remember that a float has a decimal in it and an integer does not. After doing this, I am able to input decimals into our fields, but they return to normal integers after they are submitted. I just noticed that I accidentally made the parseint changes on the 24-modules files, which is why it was not working :P

#I thought your solutions were great! I almost had it right this time, which is nice. From now on I'll double-check the file that I am working on. Also: I am wordering what you think if we had used step = ".01" instead of "any". I think it would limit our decimals to two spaces and make the code look better, I noticed some really long decimals on the table on my end

#Which DOM selectors and where will the code go?

#I think that the querySelectorAll ('button') selector, which limits a specific range of buttons would be our best bet. I'm hoping we will be able to disable all buttons except the submit buttons at first (as each button has an assigned number). Then we can add something to the loop that will enable all of the buttons once the first submission is made. For example, we could use the i++ function to add 1 each time, and disable the buttons until we reach a certain value (which will happen once we run through the code and there is at least one submission). I really think that a good place for this code would be on line 13 in our main.js file. This is where our submit eventlistener is located and where we can make changes within the code so that certain buttons are disabled until the submit button is used at least once. In order 